Add a section on number conversion (#21068)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/operators/addition/index.md

## Description

> The addition operator (`+`) is overloaded for two distinct operations: numeric addition and string concatenation. When evaluating, it would first coerce both operands to primitives by calling the object's [`[@@toPrimitive]()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Symbol/toPrimitive) (with `"default"` as hint), `valueOf()`, and `toString()` methods, in that order. Then, the two operands' types are tested:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The addition operator (`+`) is overloaded for two distinct operations: numeric addition and string concatenation. When evaluating, it first coerces both operands to primitives by calling the object's [`[@@toPrimitive]()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Symbol/toPrimitive) (with `"default"` as hint), `valueOf()`, and `toString()` methods, in that order. Then, the two operands' types are tested:
```

- If one side is a string, the other operand is also [converted to a string](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String#string_coercion) and they are concatenated.
- If they are both [BigInts](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/BigInt), BigInt addition is performed. If one side is a BigInt but the other is not, a {{jsxref("TypeError")}} is thrown.
- Otherwise, both sides are [converted to numbers](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number#number_coercion), and numeric addition is performed.

> String concatenation is often thought to be equivalent with [template literals](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals) or [`String.prototype.concat()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/concat), but they are not. Addition would coerce the expression to a _primitive_, which calls [`valueOf()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/valueOf) in priority; on the other hand, template literals and `concat()` would coerce the expression to a _string_, which calls [`toString()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/toString) in priority. If the expression has a [`@@toPrimitive`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Symbol/toPrimitive) method, string concatenation calls it with `"default"` as hint, while template literals use `"string"`. This is important for objects that have different string and primitive representations — such as [Temporal](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal), whose `valueOf()` method throws.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
String concatenation is often thought to be equivalent with [template literals](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals) or [`String.prototype.concat()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/concat), but they are not. Addition coerces the expression to a _primitive_, which calls [`valueOf()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/valueOf) in priority; on the other hand, template literals and `concat()` would coerce the expression to a _string_, which calls [`toString()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/toString) in priority. If the expression has a [`@@toPrimitive`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Symbol/toPrimitive) method, string concatenation calls it with `"default"` as hint, while template literals use `"string"`. This is important for objects that have different string and primitive representations — such as [Temporal](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal), whose `valueOf()` method throws.
```
